Check, check. Howdy gang, how's it going? Thank you, give me a moment while I plug in.
It smells always like awesome popcorn in here, which I love. Would you say, we love it.
All right. Zac McKeever up there in the booth, how's it going, man? Give it up for Zach, the man with the...
The guy who makes it sound good, and if it sounds not good, it's not Zach's fault. Because Zach rules.
What's today's date? The 19th.
From nearby downtown, Los Angeles, Harmontown is now in session. Please give it up for the hardest working game master in town, Spencer Crittenden.
And the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Two to the three to the four.
I was still on four. You went on to six. Four to the four to the two to the six.
Fuck your mama with dicks. Seven, eight. Ain't no hate. I went to fucking your mom. My name's fucking Tom. I like to fuck her hard.
Yard. Always rhyme hard. With yard. Fucking your mom hard. Fuck her in the front yard. I'm gonna fuck her in the street.
Fucking mama's can't be beat. Fucking mama on the surface of the sun. Fucking mama's job number one. Everybody's mama needs me to fuck them.
One to the ten. Fuck your mama.
All right. I was gonna say flamin. I was like, it's gonna get gross and kind of phone that one in there. And I got to be honest with you.
Yeah. Well, I, you know, but you couldn't see I was trying not to. Don't you? And let's make the theme of the show gratitude because it's Thanksgiving.
Aren't you thankful to me? You could see on my face. He's not enjoying this. And then you think like it's probably why he's do is it's not very entertaining.
But then the last thought should be, yeah, but look at him go. Look at him. Look at him. Look at him. Look at him.
That sense of obligation on his face. I'm so fortunate to have a guy in his life that thinks he owes me something.
You kind of phoned in the baby kicky dance too. It was like it was kind of a half baby kicky.
Yeah. I honestly, I gotta be honest. I'm not in a bad mood or anything. I'm a little I'm a little exhausted because we just finished season three of Harmon Quest.
Oh, yeah. Spencer. Spencer.
Tag treasure season. Yeah. We got no treasure. No, you got so we got a little treasure. I think I got some treasure. This is going to be a fucking awesome season because Spencer fucking did all the hard work and all we did was just goof off.
The guests were amazing. It's going to be good. Have you been moved backward?
I've been every week. I've been withdrawing one inch.
Are you trying to get out of the show?
Are you trying to escape one of these days? So just like I'll I'll be announced and I'll just walk in and then walk out and take my place.
Yeah, you're further afield than you normally are.
Yeah. Yeah. You want me to upstage myself?
No, we don't we don't we don't need nothing from nobody. But we're just yeah, I'm sure there's a sure there's a rhyme to the reason.
I'm sure. And a reason for the season. I'm sure the president's committed treason. I'm sure I'm sure diseases cause lesions.
Thanksgiving can't be beat. Fuck your mama and her feet. Put the turkey on a plate. Indians pilgrims hate.
Put it aside. Sit down at a table. Make it wide. Eat the gravy. Wave wavy.
Yeah. I mean, I'm like you were loose before the beat came on. You were you were you were spitting fire before that beat came on.
Yeah. Well, the beat listen to that beat. It's like a little like a Zach. Just don't do it right now. But Zach, you got the beat.
All right. Well, don't call my bluff with the beat. But I'm saying Zach, keep one in the chamber. So if I point at you with them, I'm ready to go.
I was a little exhausted. I saw you at the drawing room today. I went in there to get my work done for Rick and Morty for the for before we.
Yeah. And for people that think that Dan doesn't work hard, he sat at the drawing room with James, whatever his name is, one of the writers from the show.
And you guys sat down there and Dan put like his pantomime, like thinking glasses on and sat down there and completely like worked on a script.
Like you actually were doing hard Rick and Morty work there. Yeah, at a bar.
I just had a little I just had a little loose end to tie up. So you know, one of the scripts started like to fix it a little bit.
Yeah, you know, it wasn't that it wasn't so I mean, I don't I actually experienced a great deal of I was like, oh, shit, I only had one drink and then and then the and then I opened the laptop and I was like, I'm so like, I shouldn't do this.
This is unprofessional. I was kind of like tired.
And then and then I and then I finished up and I had a couple more drinks. Cody came by and then I went home and I went to bed and I woke up like an hour ago and and I'm just a little tired.
And you've only got 65 more episodes to go. Yeah.
What are we grateful for?
I got my health. I got my career. I got Cody. I got you got your new video game that you spend more time with than anybody else.
I got I got No Man's Sky is what you're referring to.
I mean, I've got mixed feelings. You know, I'm enjoying playing No Man's Sky right now. I'm concerned that I'm going to stop enjoying it. But that doesn't seem like a fair thing to not enjoy about a game.
That's not fair to the game. You can't call that a negative thing. I'm enjoying it right now. I keep playing it. But I looked ahead as it were. I kind of like, I typed in No Man's Sky Automation.
Because I was like, are they very, what am I doing all this crap for? I'm never going to get get to watch it do itself.
And the answer is no, no, you're going to run around collecting minerals forever. You're never going to get to just like make a machine that feeds into another machine and then puts it all into a chest.
I want to play Minecraft again.
It sounds like fancy Minecraft. It's Minecraft in space. It's like it's ticking a lot of boxes that should excite me a lot. It does excite me a lot. It's Minecraft in space.
I want when is somebody going to understand I just want a game where you can you just go into an infinite universe and you you go around and you you you mine resources and then you you you you you craft stuff and then you you store it in in
in chests. Like what? Why is that game 15 years old now? How come nobody can replicate it? I play all these kind of like Minecraft ask games.
And they just they don't compare. I don't get it.
Do you miss your Minecraft?
I got I still know where it is. I can find it. I get a little tired of it after a while. I'll take like six months off of it. But then I'll end up going back to it.
Initially. It's weird to me. I don't know. Like a relationship. Yeah.
All right. Well, so are you okay?
They are just tired. You just you're a little sleepy right now. You didn't answer that before you asked. I'm trying to dig a little deeper right now.
Oh, okay.
Well, we don't have to do the show if you don't want. I don't know.
A lot of times when people ask, are you okay like that? They mean you're not okay or something like like so. I'm asking, is there something on your mind?
Or is it simply just fatigue?
Yeah, I couldn't have been more transparent forthcoming with that information. I led with it at the risk of bringing the entire audience down.
These people that came out here paid good money, risked robbery on the sidewalk. And so I tried to be honest. That's all I have is my truth.
So I'm like, yeah, I'm a little tired, a little exhausted. You know, I don't want to say that I don't feel like being here.
That would be a rude thing to say to people that felt like being here.
Well, we have a surprise for the audience tonight because tonight is it too early to announce what we're going to do for the finale of the show?
No, I think, you know, we got to win them back. We're going to get these people.
Because I was in the mood to play some D&D for all y'all.
But for the first time because Spencer's also exhausted and rightfully so from doing Harmon Quest, he didn't bring any of his materials.
So tonight Dan is going to be Dungeon Master and Spencer and I are going to play D&D together.
Okay.
Do you think you got what it takes right now to be a Dungeon Master?
Yeah. Let's do it now.
This is not enough.
Oh shit.
Where's Spencer theme?
I just wanted to sit down.
Is this how you usually keep the microphone?
Oh yeah.
What do you mean?
Are you taller than me?
I'm a hunter.
I'm kind of doing that, yeah.
Don't you ever want it to be a little lower?
I do. That's why I bend it down lower.
Right.
Right?
Poor little thing.
No, no.
This is a silly way to have a mic. It's blocking half your face.
That's what I like about it.
You know what I got going on back there most of the time?
Hard on?
Ants.
AIDS.
You see how a little bit of AIDS back there.
Spencer, what are you grateful for?
Oh, I'm grateful for friends and fun and food.
Oh, food.
Oh man, you guys, holy shit.
We were in New York.
I got this banana pudding at this place called Magnolia Bakery.
It was so good.
I went back.
I bought two more banana puddings.
It was so good.
I went back home.
There was a Magnolia Bakery in L.A.
I went back and bought some more.
It was so good.
All of the dressing rooms at the Harmon Quest shoot,
there was a note on our table that said,
look in the fridge.
Yeah.
And there was two banana puddings,
one for me, one for church.
Maybe there was two in every fridge.
And they were all for Jeff and Church.
And it said, this banana pudding is from Spencer.
It was very sweet of you.
And that shit was good.
It's so good.
And you can make it yourself because I have the recipe.
Next time in town,
I want you to bring enough banana pudding for everybody.
All right.
That's easy enough.
What kind of characters are you interested in portraying today, gentlemen?
What does Jeff want?
You're the game master, Dan.
What kind of realm do you want to put us in?
The fantasy realm, like all Pathfinder D&D?
Yes.
Okay.
And yeah, Spencer, what kind of class?
Do you want dice?
It's going to freestyle.
I could use a couple of dice.
Did anybody bring any dice, by the way?
No.
See, in the old days, our fans all had dice.
In the old days.
Yeah.
I mean, I'll just roll them in my mind.
That's fair.
It's my favorite James Taylor song.
I'll be rolling in my mind.
That's Billy Ocean.
You've got dice that I'm rolling,
rolling in my mind.
20 sides of booty.
20 sides of booty?
Yep.
Oh, you got dice?
For real?
Bring them up, bring them up, sir.
Now we're talking.
Oh, shit.
Oh, thank you, sir.
What's your name?
Greg.
Greg, everybody.
Oh, shit.
Greg, have a seat for a moment, Greg.
Let's meet you for a moment.
Are you a longtime Harmontown goat?
Do you come here a lot?
No, this is my first time here.
Your first time here?
Oh, shit.
Not my first Harmontown, though.
And you had the prescience to bring a sack full of dice?
It's in my backpack.
Really?
Fantastic.
Are you a game master or just a game player?
Just a game player.
What do you play?
Mostly Pathfinder.
We just started a fifth edition game with some of my friends,
and I'm going to join a Wednesday game coming up next week.
Damn.
It's fun.
Fantastic.
Greg, was it?
Yeah.
Where are you from?
Santa Monica, actually.
Santa Monica.
Should we keep Greg up here and play along with us?
Yeah.
I mean, we're using your lumber right now.
We should keep you up here.
Dan, how do you want to start this off?
Do you need anything from us?
Greg, what kind of character...
It's Greg?
Yeah, it's Greg.
What kind of character do you like to play,
or would you like to play?
I could be a cleric.
Okay, done.
Damn.
What do you want to be, Jeff?
Jeff.
I never do this.
I've never done this like a straight-up fighter.
I want to be like a warrior.
All right.
Spencer.
Can I be a thief?
Yes.
Yeah.
Be a what?
A rogue.
Oh, yeah.
Bone-relieval stat.
Right.
All right, so we got Greg as a cleric,
me as a warrior,
Spencer as a thief, rogue.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
Oh, boy.
Okay.
You can feel the fucking awesome dramatic tension.
No, I'm excited.
Oh, shit.
Lighting change.
I'm rendering your campaign in my head.
It's now loading.
Compiling, yeah.
Tip, if you attack an enemy, you gain experience.
Oh, that's a load screen, too.
Yeah.
Okay, Dan, whenever you're ready,
I'll give you the Spencer theme so you can do the thing,
or do you want to talk this out for a bit?
It's probably best to just jump in
before I can really think about this, I think,
because what am I going to do?
Make it good.
Throughout history, the realm of fall staff
has been besieged by war and famine.
This war-torn, famineous realm has a swan center
of population in the dead middle of it,
a bustling, thriving city called Cintopolis,
where men and women and non-binary unicorns
from clothes lines and pursue other acts of happiness.
But an omen of doom is on the horizon
for this normally peaceful realm.
For the king of tribbles is planning something
unbeknownst to our heroes who find themselves locked
in a dungeon deep in the town hall of Cintopolis
for crimes which they can't even talk about yet.
The blue apron.
Okay, yeah, so basically you guys are in,
you're in, oh man, you're in this jail cell.
There's like bars and stuff,
it's like so many bars, it's like so jail-y.
How many bars?
Oh man.
You deduce that there's about 12 bars.
Yeah.
It's easy, right?
I am an orc warrior and I go up to the bars
and see if I can try to bend them with my strength.
Okay, so do you guys see that those big orc warriors
just going up to the bars
and he's just like trying to,
as if he's trying to bend the bars.
But you guys don't know each other.
You all three just woke up about 20 minutes ago
and now this orc fighter is just bending at the bars.
You find them immovable.
Hey.
Hi.
My name's Tom.
Uh...
Tom.
Tom, Tom, Tom.
My name is Tom, Tom, Tom.
Just call me Tom.
These bars are immovable.
Hi Tom.
I'm Lars.
Lars Stevens.
And I'm a cleric.
Use some of your magic to get me out of this jail.
I have a baby to feed.
Oh.
Whoa, that's crazy.
Who are you?
My name is Trace Butt.
Trace Butt?
Yeah.
Trace Butt.
Uh, you...
You, you notice...
As you're kind of casing the jail cell with your thief casing instincts,
you see at the bottom of every other one of the bars is a tiny rune.
At the bottom of these bars are runes.
This thief guy says that.
Can I use my knowledge of magics to determine if they're magical runes?
Waving your arms in a magical manner.
You, uh, you, you, you bring...
Oh man, you, you, you, you, you detect so much.
These are standard runes from the magic guild of the, of the, the, the, the lords over this realm's magic activities.
They're basically like, uh, just sort of containment runes.
So basically like this is a jail cell for, you know, people, whether they're magic or not.
It's pretty standard runes.
Like you, if you were to try to turn invisible in here, it would, it would, it would either not let you
or it would alert somebody or like maybe like, um, in a pool when you try to pee.
And it, it would, it would like stain you.
Yeah.
You just, all you know is that it's secure, there's security runes.
That's no good.
You guys, you guys saw this cleric, he's like...
He's like, like, scrutinizing these runes.
Oh man, what are you doing?
I'm, uh, we can't use magic to get out of here, I think.
Or if we do, it'll alert the guards.
Okay.
I can try, though.
Well, what if, uh, what do these locks look like?
Sorry, what?
What do the locks look like on the, on the bar, on the door?
Oh man.
You look like a thief.
You can pick a lock, right?
I've seen some locks.
The locks look like nothing to you because they lock from the other side.
Damn.
Clever.
Yeah.
Uh, I'll, I mean, being a thief, you, you, you've been in jail cells before.
I've been in jail cells before.
And so, like, you're pretty, you, you, you, you think, you know, looking for, even just
looking at the back of this lock, like the casing for it, you kind of know it's, uh,
it's pretty heavy duty stuff.
It's like anti-thief lock.
This is my worst enemy.
Hey, quit looking at that lock, thief.
Um, okay.
Okay.
This guy comes over.
He's like, he's got fox pelts all over his shoulders.
Um, he's got a wooden crown, uh, that's blood stained.
Uh, he's wearing spectacles.
Uh, one, one of the lenses in his spectacles is a dark green.
Uh, the other is, is no glass at all.
It's just, there's just a hole there.
Um, he is wearing high healed shoes, uh, and, and, and carrying two swords.
Um, and he's got a, he's got a key ring on his belt, uh, and gravy all over his chin.
Uh, he gives you a very intimidating look and you, you, you remember, uh, once he looks
at you as your memory comes back that, uh, this is the, this is the guy that, uh, uh,
sentenced you.
His name is Judge Doom.
Oh no.
Don't look at that lock, thief, or I'll put you in a cell that you'll never get out of.
What?
He, he, uh, why, why?
What cell?
It's a cell called death.
Glad you asked.
I thought that's where you were headed, but I wasn't sure.
Yeah. Also, we do have, uh, strictly like harder to get out of cells here, but that's
for like a class criminals.
Right.
You don't deserve it.
Oh shit.
Your piece is a shit, all of you.
You don't come into Sitopolis and act the way you acted last night.
How was that?
Just, I don't owe you any, oh, I do owe you answers.
You know, you were acting all fucking badass and trying to talk, talking about where's
the, where's the, where's the squid?
Uh, where's the squid ink?
Uh, we don't have to tell you that.
If you don't know where the squid ink is, then you're an outsider.
If you're asking about squid ink and you're an outsider, that means you're an investigator.
Sitopolis doesn't like being investigated for its squid ink.
I can't believe I'm talking about this so much.
And he, he starts as he's saying that he reaches for, in a, in a pouch and he pulls out.
And he, you, you guys see that there's this little tiny creature, he pulls out of a pouch.
It looks very squid like and he squeezes it.
Um, and you all need to save for, uh, uh, mental magic.
Oh no.
Okay.
All right.
Uh, uh, uh Uh, Tracebutt.
Yeah.
Tracebot, you see your thief instincts
make you dodge to the side and hold your breath.
This isn't your first time at the gas attack rodeo.
But Tom, Tom, Tom, and shit.
What was it?
Lars.
Both of you guys inhale this weird, greasy, inky cloud of gas.
Your minds are like, you can't control your thoughts anymore.
You start thinking weird shit about it.
You see an image of a ship.
You see a mountain with a church on top of it.
Then you see inside the church ostensibly,
although you don't know.
You're just using the kind of Eisenstein principles
of establishing shots from your memories.
But it could be the inside of a completely different church.
But you saw a church, and now you're
seeing the inside of a church, and there's a flash image.
And you see blood filling the church.
And you see this judge doom at the front of it, laughing.
And then you black out relative to you, Tracebot.
These guys just fall down, and they're unconscious.
And then they don't wake up for at least an hour.
So if there's things you want to do while they're asleep.
So what's the judge doing then?
Is he still hanging out?
He walks away.
I mean, you know what?
I should, I mean, he, OK.
He can.
Well, now, he notices that it doesn't affect you,
that it didn't take with you.
I'm holding my breath.
Yeah.
And then he's like, he's like, ah, you're not worth it.
And he walks away.
Sorry.
It's all right, it's fine.
Gotta go refill this squid now.
Shit, man.
And he walks about 10 feet down a hallway,
lined with stone, wet stone.
And he goes through what you can hear.
You can't see it from here, but you're
using your thief casing instincts
to notice it's probably a very large wooden door
with many locks on it.
All of them remaining unlocked.
But you can just hear the clanging.
And your thief ears are going like,
there's a lot of fucking locks on that door.
And I'm trying to count as steps, too, to the distances.
You put that door at about 30 feet away from the cell door,
just around a kind of jagged corner, as if there's like.
So all you know is that there's a hallway,
and then it comes around, and then there's this cell.
There's no cells next to it.
And then that hallway, it ends at a dead end,
right out in front of your cell.
There's a table there with candles on it.
There's a torch above that, weird redundancy.
And there's some stuff on the table.
But is there anything in the cell or anything?
The cell has two benches.
And no windows.
So I don't have any tools or anything because I'm prison.
Yeah, no.
You guys are wearing burlap robes there.
It seemed like standard issue.
But Lars and I are still asleep for an hour, right?
Yeah.
So you did all that to do this.
I mean, I figure an hour is a long time for a thief.
So if there's anything else you want to know, I'm going to pick.
I can't really try and pick the lock with my hands, I'd assume.
That'd be crazy.
I mean, you can, you know, you try to.
Well, what if I have we revealed what races we are?
I'm an orc warrior.
I'm an elf.
Can I be a warforged, a robot man?
OK.
You do that.
How does this, do I sound like a robot?
Yeah.
OK.
You are a warforge, a crazy, intricate clockwork man
from a strange realm.
You're made of metal and things.
So you do have powers that other humans don't have,
even when you're naked.
Can I try and take my finger off to make it a lot bigger?
You do that, and you successfully are functioning,
but you're unable to pick this lock with your finger lock.
Bam.
Only for the time being, though, it's just a failure
in that sense.
The door immediately, as soon as you start even looking
at that lock, let alone picking out that door opens again,
and Judge Doom comes back, and he goes like,
what the hell are you doing?
I told you the first time, not to fuck with that lock.
Oh, yeah.
No, I'm not, yeah.
I, you got me.
What are you doing with your finger?
Oh, with it?
No, no.
This is just normal.
Oh, man, you must have really broke my finger.
You know how these models can be.
Yeah.
Well, that's totally convincing.
It doesn't matter anyway.
You're all food for the mother hen.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And he walks away.
All right, well, can I wait for him to walk away, I guess?
And then can I try and wake people up, these guys up?
You successfully wake Tom Tom Tom up earlier
than he would have woken up.
Whereas Lars continues to sleep.
The exact duration of the effect of the squid ink.
I don't know what to do, you guys.
I feel like we could just wait it out.
No, we'll get fed to the hen.
And you're asleep.
I have a, I have sensed a weakness in one of the walls
in this cell.
That would be crazy.
He successfully convinces you that that's true.
That's awesome.
What else do you see?
I use metal punch.
And I punch the west wall of it.
Because I feel, I've been scratching it,
like ticking off the days that we've been there.
And I feel like the plaster or whatever
they've used to make that wall is a little weaker
than the other walls.
And I use metal punch.
Oh, I believe in him.
Yes.
And I give it everything I have.
You hurt your hand.
You got this.
Keep it up.
Lars, you are now awake.
Whoa.
I had a dream about a bloody church.
Holy shit.
Tell me about that.
Have you always been a robot?
Yeah, but no one paid attention.
Oh, OK.
When he mentions that bloody church, Trace,
but you, because you didn't sleep and because he had the image
you started, you're putting something together,
you feel like maybe you actually know these guys,
that you remember that you came to this town together,
and that you were coming here for some reason that had to do.
Because when he says bloody church,
you're like, whoa, oh, man, oh, man, oh, man.
Why are we coming here?
You guys hear a distant crowd cheering.
It's so distant that they might have
been there the whole time doing things other than cheering,
but now they're cheering so loud that you
hear them for the first time.
Oh, shit.
The door opens, same door as before,
and Judge Doome comes walking down and says, all right, you
fucks, you ready to feed the hen?
No.
Well, you wouldn't make good hen food if you were ready.
Smuggles, diggles, get in here.
These squid-headed priests come in, and they're wearing robes.
They kind of look like, Tom, Tom, Tom, you recognize them.
You recognize them as mind flayers.
They're psychic monsters, sentient, though.
They're not monsters in the sense that they can't vote
and stuff, like they're people.
They just look horrible, and they like to kill people.
We shouldn't judge them.
I mean, they're probably the heroes of their own stories,
but the orcs are terrified of them,
because they're particularly susceptible to their psychic
attacks, but you're not operating in a penalty
or anything like that, but you know they can fuck you up.
So Judge Doome is like, all right, fucks, it's time.
And he nods at one of the mind flayer guys,
and they gesture at the lock, and it clicks,
and the cell door opens.
It opens wide.
It opens wide as a cell door.
It can open.
You're now in an open cell.
What do you guys want to do?
Should we run for it?
I'll defer.
Can we run for it?
I think we run for it, but we run together.
How many mind flayers are there?
How many?
Oh, there's two.
Oh, man.
There's just two, and Judge Doome.
He can see you guys thinking about running.
I'm going to hide in the corner.
You're going to end the cell?
Yeah.
You do a passable job of hiding in the corner of the cell.
I know you're over there.
I'm not involved in this.
It's pretty impressive how concealed you are over there.
Thank you for showing me your skills.
I'm glad you're in there.
Yeah.
Do we have any inventory, or just our prison garb?
You're just wearing burlap sacks.
You have what's called a holdout dagger in your rectum.
It's very dull, but it's like you come
from a tribe of warriors at puberty that was inserted.
It stays up there for most of your life.
It's honestly more of a ceremony.
All right.
Well, I take my holdout dagger out of my rectum
and also use my sharpened toothbrush
over time while I was there.
And I'm a two-hand fight attack on one of the guards.
OK.
I'm a two-hand fighter.
I can't let you pretend that you created a toothbrush.
I'm not going to let you do that.
Yeah, it's been one night.
But is that metagaming to have created a toothbrush?
Well, yeah, you can't just say, by the way, I did this.
OK.
Although, I'm giving you a little latitude
because you don't have character sheets and stuff
like that, but I'm calling the toothbrush out of bounds.
OK, OK.
Bullshit.
I take my out-of-bounds dagger out of my butt
and put it like, I kind of like.
Well, hold on because it's one action to do that,
and I rolled for it.
And you do such a bad job of.
Oh, no.
But it's actually kind of good news
because you're doing such a bad job of getting
the dagger out of your ass that you just,
he doesn't know you have one yet.
So you're just like digging all the way up your ass,
and it looks like you're, he's like, oh, orcs.
Yeah, perfect.
That place is racist.
He is racist.
I am racist.
I hate all races.
And then you see him look over at one of his mind
flayers who didn't seem to react.
But he's like, he's like, whatever.
Identity politics.
I hate identity politics.
All right.
He keeps saying it because he's not,
he wants to get a rise out of people, I guess.
Do I see, oh.
He really thinks it means something.
I hate identity politics.
Do I see Tom Tom pull out his dagger?
Or try to pull out his dagger?
He hasn't done it yet.
No, yeah, you just see the same thing
that everybody else saw, which is like this orc
is just digging in his butt, like he's like his own puppet.
But so your hand is still up your ass,
so I would actually let you take another try.
I believe in you.
I pretend that I'm asleep.
Do you remove your hand from your hand?
No, no, I pretend that I'm an orc who
put my hand up his own butt, and then he goes, oh.
Like the chimpanzee in the video.
I passed out.
It's like I'm playing possum right now.
No sleeping, get up.
You feel a stab of otherworldly pain in your frontal lobe.
Oh, shit.
You got psychic attacked.
I got psychic attacks.
It's searing pain in your brain.
But I have a constitution of 21.
Well, that doesn't matter.
It still hurts.
But I care less about it.
Well, I'm just a sleepy orc with a hand up his own butt.
A creepy voice whispers in your brain,
there will be more pain.
Let's just go with these guys.
You hear a voice from a mostly concealed shadow
in the corner of the cell saying that.
I trust them.
I cast Inflict Light Wounds on one of the mind flayers.
Oh, shit.
Oh, man.
You have positioned yourself as a harmless man
in a burlap sack when secretly you
have the power of the ancient holies.
You now lay your hands upon the nearest mind flayer,
and it reacts with searing pain as you cook it,
like so much calamari doing the mind flayer falls back
to the wall, spewing blood from its nose,
which is underneath its tentacle mouth.
But you assume there's a nose under there.
There's blood coming out.
Holy shit.
It's going ee, ee, ee.
I think we can win.
And you're next, if you don't back off.
Judge Dooms like fucking psychic squid people.
Do you want something done right?
He comes at Lars with drawing his swords.
He's doing a two-sword attack.
Oh, shit.
He misses with one and kind of grazes your arm
with the other, doing a moderate amount of damage,
but just to your arm.
So it's not that big a deal in the grand scheme,
because it's like, if your arm was a body,
it would have been hit in its arm.
Your arm's arm is hurt, but you're OK.
Jeff, what do you got?
I go at him with a, because I have no weapons right now,
except to think of it.
You're laying on the floor.
Oh, your hand's so pure.
I hand up your ass.
Do you want to roll dice to see if I successfully pull my
arm?
Sure, that's what you want.
Oh, yeah, you whip it out like a fucking,
like a Kleenex out of a box.
So I take out my secret poop weapon,
and describe it for me.
It's a short, rather blunt, four and a half inch
ceremonial dagger that was inserted into your asshole
when you turned 12 in your orc village.
It was sharper back then, but it was never so sharp
that it tore flesh.
So it's really like, it's a weapon that
is mostly used by the elders of your tribe
to terrorize the children, because adolescent orcs
are very difficult to manage.
So they have these rituals that they
use to focus your aggression on the outside world.
Well, I use weapon focus and throw it at the, what's his name?
Judge Doom.
OK.
I will tell you that he will make a worse target,
because again, this is a very blunt knife.
I'll just tell you that your lore in your tribe
understands that in the few stories where an orc actually
has to use these things, the most effective use of them
is as an assist in mealy like a punching, because it's so dull,
but it's sharper than a fist.
OK, so I do, because I'm generally
like a two-handed fighter.
I would let you throw it, but I'm just
recommending you don't throw it at a guy with any armor,
but the mind flayers are just squid people in robes.
I appreciate your advice.
OK, thanks.
I come at with a chop to the throat
and a stab with my blunt poop weapon into his midsection.
Oh, you karate chop with one hand and then.
Like, throat midsection with the poops.
And this is on Judge Doom, huh?
On Judge Doom himself, his very self.
All right, well, your chop goes wide,
and then your blunt stab misses.
I'm sorry.
I want you to be rolling better.
It's hard.
So you miss.
It's OK.
I was groggy.
I just woke up from a little nap.
Trace, but you.
Can I launch myself at the mind flayer
hoping to tackle his head?
Yes.
It's not a critical fail, but you
do a poor job of leaping from the shadowy corner.
My plan.
Yeah.
Yeah, the robot thief kind of clumsily
jangles out of the corner and lands
at the feet of the mind flayer.
See, it was a trick.
I was on your side.
Now you guys are going to die.
Shut up back there.
Oh, no.
Nobody grabs that torch.
Keep the torch safe.
Grab the torch.
Guard the torch with your lives.
Oh, god.
One of the mind flayers, you see him squint and look
at Tom Tom Tom, but nothing happens.
Oh, shit.
He must have remembered his ex-girlfriend or something.
Quick thinking.
And let's see.
Oh, shit.
Well, the other mind flayer is he's massively wounded
and against the wall, but you see him doing something.
It looks like he's healing himself
with some kind of psychic thing.
Judge Doom, he does a really good job of attacking Tom
Tom Tom.
What?
He was my HP currently right now.
Full.
40.
40?
Yeah, but you better subtract 7 from that.
Oh, damn.
OK, like, all right, you guys can go.
I'd start with Tom Tom Tom.
OK, I do a power attack at, who am I closest to right now?
You are closest to Judge Doom, right?
Judge Doom, power attack.
And I just go for like a strangle.
Like, I use all of my arm strength and just go straight
to try to choke him out.
OK.
You grabbed his throat with the efficiency
of an animal at bay from the stories of animals with hands
from your childhood.
Your hands go to his throat as if guided by special magnets
in a novelty sculpture of someone choking someone.
And your thumbs find his windpipe with magic-like efficiency.
Nice.
You realize you have his life at your mercy.
You need only squeeze to snuff him out.
Power attack.
Squeeze that shit.
Yeah, I mean, it's all right.
You crush his windpipe, he can't breathe.
Even if you let go, he can't breathe.
He's so sad and in such pain.
This is what your actions half rock.
He's crawling to you, Lars, like, this is a line
with demons and live in torturous agony.
What did you say, Spencer?
I'm just punishing him verbally.
Oh, does he have any items that look stealable?
Oh, man, he's got so many items.
There is one mind flayer left, but that was Tom Tom's
attack, Lars, you can go.
I kick him.
You kick the, you kick Judge Jume, OK.
Well, I mean, it's an easy target.
Yeah, yeah, you kick him.
I mean, he's like, man, I'm dying and now I'm getting kicked.
Ha, you see?
Tracebutt, you want to do something?
Yeah, well, does he, do I see any items on his person
that I could immediately grab, like,
within a short period of time?
Yeah, like, his most visible objects are,
he has a pair of shimmering, slightly glowing gloves made
of a very fine chainmail that are draped over his belt.
He has an extra sword on the back, He-Man style.
He's got those fox pelts that you notice
upon closer inspection.
The eyes have a kind of life to them.
Yeah, that's cool as shit.
Yeah, I mean, they don't just look like regular dead foxes.
They look like maybe they're, yeah, like living pelts.
OK, can I take the sword and throw it to Tom Tom Tom?
You grab the sword off the back of the dying man
and the robot thief flings you this sword.
Do you want to try to catch it?
Yeah, I try to catch the sword.
You do so with, like, a globetrotter.
Hell yeah.
I'm going to go grab a Coke.
I'll be right back.
He's achieved his dream.
He's leaving.
OK.
I catch the sword and I try to use the momentum of catching
the sword and swing around and kill the final mind flayer.
OK.
And a cleave.
I use cleave.
It's a critical hit.
Yeah.
Also, this sword has, like, some strange magic properties.
You hear a voice in your head as you
strike saying, ah, flesh.
And there's, like, the wound that you cause
as you cleave the mother mind flayer in half at his hips.
The wound is cauterized with a strange orange glow.
But it's not a healthy thing because it
starts to eat the flesh away.
The body continues to start disintegrating in both halves
as you watch it.
You'd still have time to grab any, like, his robes.
But he's slowly just disappearing.
So we vanquished everybody inside this room right now?
Yeah.
There's a, oh, the other mind flayer
is, like, he was healing himself.
Oh, yeah, no.
He's at a disadvantage.
He's only just alive.
Tracebutt, Tracebutt, finish the job.
What about you?
Oh, Mars.
I cast Scorching Ray at the last mind flayer.
Whoa, what are you, what's your god?
In a good way.
Can we not talk religion?
It's like politics.
Linking your thumbs together and fanning your fingers out
in a manual display of symbol-ness.
Flames shoot from your fingertips in a fan-like pattern,
dancing through the air and connecting with the face
and genitals of the mind flayer.
He shrieks in agony through all of your brains,
trying as hard as he can to hurt you with his thoughts.
But all he successfully does is share with you
what he's thinking as he dies, which is, oh, God, Daphne,
oh, why was I such a dick?
I was gaslighting.
That's what they call gaslighting,
is what I was doing to her.
And he dies.
Damn.
Nice job, guys.
I loot the body.
You find yourselves wondering, what was that relationship
about?
Lies.
I feel kind of bad.
Yeah.
OK, so yeah, I mean, he's technically alive, the Judge
Doom, but he's not going to continue living,
and he can barely speak.
He's turning purple.
He's dying.
I walk up to him and say, what did you
have against us in the first place?
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
I give him a pen and paper.
Can I heal him like a little bit just so we can talk to him
as normal, eh, or?
OK, you use, like, cure late wounds?
OK, you do that.
You cure it, just a tip of his late wounds.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
That's what I was saying.
I was saying, ah, ah, because I couldn't breathe.
Right, what did you have against us in the first place?
I ain't trying to grapple him, I guess.
You try what?
To grapple him.
Oh, you grapple him.
OK, I mean, you've got him secured.
He's not going to.
You did a good job of, he just, he just,
he focused his healing on his trachea,
so that he can speak.
but he's like, you've even done a kind of cruel thing
where he's able to draw in like 5% less oxygen
with each breath that it will take
in totality to keep him alive.
So he's like still in a perpetual state of suffocation.
It's easy like waterboarding.
Like he's like, it would be called simulated death,
but he's actually dying.
He just, you're torturing him, he's tortured.
Are we the bad guys?
No, no, we're good.
I think he's, well, I mean, I'm not, I can't judge.
I'm a dungeon master, you know?
But I don't think anyone that imprisoned somebody
without due process is a very good person.
Truly anyone who allies with mind flayers needs to be killed.
And he did call you fuck faces and stuff.
Like he was mean, you know?
He didn't tell you why you were here.
Oh God, oh God, I want to die, but I don't want to live.
I poke out his eye, what?
I poke out his eye.
Ah, the robot pokes out his eye with his metal finger.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Dude, please stop, please don't torture me anymore.
I hate dying in pain.
I don't, if you're gonna kill me, please kill me.
If you're not gonna kill me, please heal me more
so I can live.
I pick him up by the ankle and hold him upside down
and look, I'm trying to get him like eye to eye,
but my arm isn't long enough.
So like I keep scooting my hand up,
like I have him by the belt now.
He's upside down, but he's, I have him by the belt.
So now he's upside down and we're eye to eye.
And I say, where is the squid ink?
Ah, it's in my pouch on my belt, you know that?
How would I know that?
I used it on you, is that what you want?
I take the squid ink out of his pouch.
Ah, you, there's a pouch on his belt
that's like writhing around, you remember that,
or maybe you don't remember,
maybe you're a better role player than I am a DM.
Cause you, you have a faint memory of,
he's got a little wriggling squid in that bag.
Yeah, it shot you in the brain juice.
And he squeeze it, it's like a knockout drug
or something like that.
I put it in his mouth.
Wait, hold on to that, that could be useful.
My rogue mind tells me.
Okay.
Good thinking, Trace Butt.
I give Trace Butt the pouch of squid ink.
Oh, thanks.
You now have a squid ink of knockout.
A squid, a baby squid of knockout.
I guess I grab his keys.
You grab his keys.
Is there anything on that desk that's relevant?
The desk contains six candles,
two hats, and a drawer.
Take these hats.
One hat is like a tall hat, like a two foot tall hat.
I take off a, what's his name?
Judge Dooms?
Now I take off Judge Dooms outfit,
like I'm going to like dress up like him to sneak out.
But then I just go, you know what,
it's just funny if I leave him naked
and I just, and I light his clothes on fire.
So he's now just naked.
You could have had him be naked
and also take his clothes.
Yeah, but I don't want to, they don't fit.
Okay.
He's really sad because he's naked now
and he's still, again, he's dying the whole time.
It's like a horrible death.
I give him two Good Berries.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, thank you.
And then I smash him in the head and kill him.
Ah!
Where'd you get Good Berries?
He had, they were in the,
Oh God.
They were in the secret compartment
in the hilt of the anal dagger, yeah.
Yeah, that's some good thinking.
No, it is.
It's like a beautiful,
I'll tell you the ritual that is Orchvillage practices
in its roots, it's actually a really wonderful thing,
but it's just become so corrupted
and it's just about oppression.
Right.
Like, it's really just about scaring kids.
Are there other prisoners in this jail cell?
No.
What's big tracks?
What's that?
Let's get out of here.
Oh, the robot says, let's get out of here.
Yeah, so we look for the exit.
You guys took those hats.
Yeah, we got two hats.
Okay, I take the seven candles too,
just to keep the seven.
The quid.
The candles are in your orc sack,
or no, you don't have an orc sack.
You just scoop them up in your arms
and they kind of go out and burn you with wax,
but you're holding six candles.
Hell yeah.
All right, you guys head around that hallway
and there's a eight foot tall, four foot wide giant door
with six locks on it, but all of them are unfastened.
Oh, hell yeah.
This is our lucky day.
Yeah.
Let's continue onward.
Tracebutt goes to the door.
You open it?
Yeah.
He opens the door.
Oh, I should have listened.
Behind the door is a room.
It's white with white walls and a white ceiling.
There's a hole in the ceiling that's a square below the square.
It's a beech wood table, finely polished, containing
all of your items in three separate piles,
one for each of you, each labeled with your name.
It's all your stuff.
And beyond that, there's a door in the north wall
that it's oozing with green slime.
Oh, shit.
It's got a little doorway, a little peeky patch in it.
And yeah, the room is lit by daylight.
That's a skylight above the door.
Nice.
Let's get our stuff.
Yeah, we all pick up our items.
Okay, you pick up all your items.
You have them all.
I stand on top of the beech wood table.
It's like, Lars, Tracebutt, stand on my shoulders.
You get on top and climb out.
And I will use my own strength to get myself here.
I'll be on the bottom because I'm the most sturdy.
I'll lock my joints.
All right, so I get on top of Tracebutt.
Lars, you want to climb on top of me?
Yeah, I climb up to the top and I do it.
Can I reach the hole?
You can, yeah, if you're on top of Tom Tom's,
you're climbing on top of something.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you can reach the hole.
There's sand above it.
You could, it's like a hole to a beach.
Is it big enough for me to fit through?
Oh yeah, it's like a three foot square hole.
So I climb up and look for a rope to hand down to my friends.
Okay, you pull yourself up with cleric like agility.
It's a sunlit beach.
It's actually quite beautiful.
There's an ocean.
It's a crystal clear blue ocean.
And yeah, you pull yourself up.
There's, you hear seagulls and a strange distant sound
that you've never heard before in the distance.
Like it's just a strange kind of like humming
or something, there's a big forest
and a road made of pebbles.
By the way, that's how they make all roads that you remember.
Like it's usually some form of pebble refinement.
You're looking for like a rope or something?
Is that what you're looking for?
Do we have ropes in our stuff?
Say what?
Yeah, you each have 50 feet of rope
because everyone does, yeah.
Classic, yeah.
I throw you the rope.
Okay, robot throws a rope up.
I find a tree to tie it around.
We'll just hold it.
How heavy are you?
I'm just, okay, do a tree.
Okay, I tie it around a tree.
Wait, what are you doing?
It's not polite to ask.
What are you, are you having the cleric pull you up?
He's looking for a tree to tie the rope around.
Yeah, you should probably find a tree.
You're made of metal.
Or like a big rock.
All right, so I'm on top of a trace button.
So I climb up the rope.
All right, you do that.
You're up.
Nice.
You also hear this strange sound.
It's getting louder now than when you first came out.
It's like, oh no.
It's like,
Cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha.
So you pull, you both managed to find a rock.
You secure the rope to it and you pull a trace button up.
Hell yeah.
The sound keeps coming.
Oh, you got it.
Cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha.
Look at your height.
When you're finally able to pinpoint
the source of the sound, you look
and you see the strangest sight.
It's like a giant dragonfly made of armor and glass,
but its wings are not wings at all.
They're like javelins that are rotating around.
It's a helicopter.
Oh no.
Your memories come flooding back to you
when you see it.
The three of you met in Vietnam.
Oh no.
You're having flashbacks.
You're remembering what happened to you.
You were part of an experimental drug torture operation
adopted by the Viet Cong, financed by the Soviet Union.
You were prisoners of war and these things
were dripped into your eyeballs.
Oh no.
That's the last thing you remember,
but you now realize that your captain,
Captain Dander Pants, is in the helicopter
and your pilot Murdoch is at the stick.
They're lowering the ladder down.
Get up here, get up here, you candy asses.
Come on, come on, get up.
Let's do it.
You guys run to the ladder.
You start climbing up, but you hear Captain Dandy Pants
going, what the fuck happened to you?
What the fuck, you're a robot?
What the fuck?
Oh, I don't know, I guess.
Lars, since motive, you have magic,
like the Detect Magic motive.
Detect Magic on the helicopter?
Yeah, it's weird because you feel like you've had
this whole life as a cleric
and that you don't know what a helicopter is,
but you have more memories from a life
where you know what a helicopter is.
You have more of a relationship with that identity,
this soldier from Vietnam.
But I can detect magic still.
Yeah, you can totally, and there's no magic
on this helicopter, it's technological.
Oh, shit.
You feel the Lars part of you kind of receding
almost as if it requires you to believe it's real
in order to be real, but it's currently still pretty real
because you just spent all this time in this jail cell.
But you also see this look on Captain Dandy Pants' face.
He's looking at you guys like he's actually deeply unsettled.
He recognizes your faces, but he did not expect
to see what he's seeing.
What happened to us down there?
That's what I was gonna ask you.
Get in this goddamn helicopter.
Come on, we can talk about it when we get to the DMT, C.
D the D, the drop zone.
Come on, you sons of bitches.
Don't fucking judge my lack of Vietnam jargon.
I was, let me finish.
I was in marine boots when your momma's diapers
were titty fucking your dad's cum.
I don't wanna hear your shit.
It's hard to be a supervisor of soldiers like you.
It makes your mind slip.
It's been a strenuous war.
This country's fighting itself.
More than it's fighting the enemy.
We don't even know, I'm all fucked up.
I got one job I focus on so I can get through the day
without putting a gun in my mouth.
Take care of my boys.
And you're the hardest boys I ever had to take care of
and I love the fuck out of you.
But what the fuck happened to you?
You got turned into a robot?
Get in the helicopter.
Come on, Murdoch, go, go.
Murdoch's going like, like, shit, fuck, yeah, let's go.
He's like, the helicopter starts soaring.
There's a strange roaring sound you hear to your right.
You see a huge swarm of baby dragons
is coming out of a palm tree.
Oh, no.
The palm tree has, there was a hinge on the giant palm tree
and a bunch of baby dragons came out of it.
I turn over to Lars and Tracebutt and go,
I think Captain Danny passes on DMT right now.
What?
Fuck you, I heard that.
You're not disrespectful.
It is to dismiss what we're doing over here
is some kind of drug trip.
Why don't you just relax?
You're having a bad trip, man.
You're freaking out.
I'm having a bad trip.
You're the one that looks like a fucking pig monster
and weird armor.
What the fuck happened to you, man?
We don't know, or do we know?
You guys don't know, no.
I didn't think so.
I mean, you're just remembering
that you were in Vietnam, right?
I mean, you share that with them, I assume.
You're like, yeah, all I remember is being in Vietnam,
but then we woke up in the cell,
but we kind of have these identities.
Yeah, yeah.
So you kind of do your best to relate to him,
everything that you do now.
He's like, god damn it!
Project Omega is live!
We gotta warn the president!
I cast Guidance on Murdoch
so he can escape from the dragons.
Oh, that's nice of you, yeah.
You do a really good job of like,
so Lars, you're like, the best I can describe it
is like lactating mothers.
Like, as you continue to breastfeed the casting of spells,
like, you can tell that it's important to keep,
it keeps you remembering Lars' life.
And you're kind of like in this weird halfway spot
where you're like half this Vietnam soldier named
Diggins and half Lars.
I remember.
But you're able to cast this spell, it very clearly works.
You guys see like magic energy come out of his hands,
Captain Dandy Pence is like, what the fuck?
What is that, commie energy?
Holy shit, your fucking hands got pink shit coming out of it!
But it clearly makes Murdoch a magnificent pilot,
and he flies through these like, canyons
and is evading these baby dragons.
Baby dragons, what the fuck?
Captain Dandy Pence gets on a heavy machine gun,
it's mounted in the back of the helicopter.
You ever see baby dragons before?
I've seen any shit like this since fucking North Korea.
What the fuck's going on?
If it fucking moves, then it's a commie.
Fuck this shit, god damn it.
God, I love America, I fucking go insane.
I can't believe there's baby dragons in real life.
Holy shit, I should have loved my children.
What's Project Omega?
We'll talk about it in the debrief.
Stand down, take that morphine or don't take it.
It's addictive.
I'll take it.
OK, he shoots the baby dragons and the baby dragons
kind of recede.
That was kind of a strange thing, like the baby dragon
attack didn't seem very confident.
So the helicopter is taking you over the,
it doesn't look like Vietnam, it looks like Palm Beach
and it just takes you along this shoreline
and then it takes you to this, it looks like an American
military base circa 1970, and you land.
Man, this is nuts, right?
Do I ever see this before?
Do we?
Lars, you remember you're still like floating halfway
between like being Diggins and being Lars.
You're like, you can equally remember
being born in this like little hamlet of,
in this like Middle Earth type realm where your parents
were persecuted for being witches and so you swore revenge
and you ran away and you were raised by this weird coven
of all women that were like super progressive
and resented your maleness but also knew that in a misogynistic
world their greatest weapon would be like a male kind
of priest that they could send out on secret missions.
So they did love you but they also, they were like,
in a weird ironic kind of Judy Dench James Bond relationship
they were like not intimate mothers to you so it's crazy
because you were raised by all like super powerful
confident women but they were very distant,
like they didn't want to like attach to you as a person.
So you're really kind of fucked up but you're also
like super powerful, like you're really good at focusing
what would have been your male rage and your misogyny
into like these like powerful magic attacks
and like you hate yourself for having a penis.
But it's like really effective and you're able
to climb walls and if you meditate for an hour
you can turn into a bat and it's also clear to you,
it's like that's your whole life
but then you also remember being diggins,
you were born in New Hampshire, you came out when you were 13.
It was 1963 that was not well received
and so you ran away from home, you went to New York,
you started working in a diner, you lied about your age,
you didn't have to get a work permit and you worked at a bakery
and then the draft came along and you actually volunteered
because you're like fucking making cookies
and you wanted to do something meaningful with your life
and part of it is like proving that, you know,
you're trying to, you obviously can't tell your fellow soldiers
that you're gay but you like inside you're like I'm gonna
fucking be a hero, I'm gonna save this country.
If not for my future gay children then at least for myself
like because I can't wait to like be at the, you know,
like be in this big dramatic like war and like come home alive
and then take my purple heart and be like by the way this is,
I'm a gay, I'm a gay soldier like you're kind of looking forward
to that but you ended up getting assigned
to this like weird special ops team because you're really good
because you have like this, you're not afraid of death
because you're like why do I even want to go home
where people hate me for something I can't control,
it's fucking gross but you love America
because you love freedom but it's like so hypocritical
so you're like I'm either gonna die a hero
and you have a note sewn into your underwear that says
by the way I died fucking gay, fuck you America
but you hope no one ever finds it but you're like fuck it
like I kind of like it's a win-win, that's your catchphrases,
it's a win-win, that's your lock and load and you're like this guy
that you're the guy that like scrambles
into the like booby trapped holes with two guns
like what's his name in platoon and you don't give a fuck man,
you're like they call you the weasel
and but it's like really affectionate
because they're like fuck man we got the weasel
like that's why we're gonna win, they don't have this guy
and so you actually feel a fraternity
with your brothers here, Duke and Nuke, Duke Nuke and Diggins
like you guys, you guys used to be part of what they called
the Fantastic Four but like you guys went on this one mission
with Lieutenant Hammer and he got his arms blown off
when he fell for the oldest trick in the book, baby carriage
like he's just like sometimes this war is like coming home
and then he heard this baby crying, went up to the carriage
and fucking blew his arms off and he was like you know doing
the whole thing where he's like you hear this high-pitched
ringing in your ears while you're like watching him look
he's like where are my arms and it's like and then he fell down
and then you held him and you had to like overdose him
on morphine and tell him and promise him that you won the war
and he fucking died and that was in this weird like kind
of like pirate cove kind of town that you guys had been sent
to off the coast of Vietnam, you guys were not,
you guys were sent out of Vietnam from a military base
into a place like somewhere in the ocean where you're not
supposed to be, where America is not sanctioned
to be having a war but like who cares right
because you know that's what Vietnam is all about man
but you, so you're remembering all that stuff like
at the same time, at the same time.
It sounds like, yeah.
You guys are on the tarmac, you're getting
out of the helicopter and like Captain Dandy Pants is like,
like he's got this look on his face, he's like gentlemen
and he's like looking at you, you can see there's fear
in his eyes, he's like looking at you guys
and like he's looking you up and down
and he just doesn't fucking understand what's happening.
Is it a man in the high castle situation?
You ask that.
Hey, you've seen this show.
Can I get another drink?
I kind of talked for a while.
Yeah, I haven't seen that show and either has this guy
so I'm sure it's based on a book that was available back then
but I can't answer that question as your dungeon master.
That's fine.
Captain Dandy Pants goes, am I going to have any trouble
from you gentlemen?
He's like, he's genuinely, he's really scared.
I think I need to sit down.
That's a lot to process.
OK, well yeah, I think you need to be sat down
and just want to make sure this isn't some kind of trick
or something.
Name rank and serial number.
Tell me who you are, who I think you are before I take you
into the bunker because you could be like terminators
or something.
My name is Tom Duke Thompson, first sergeant, Marine.
Tell me what happened to us at the battle of lumpy bratwurst.
Sir, we got our asses kicked at the battle of lumpy bratwurst,
sir, we're surrounded by a shit pot of Chinese.
Good to have you back, Duke.
Nuke, if that is you, tell me what your expertise is
and what we always tease you for in the barracks.
Trace Nuke, but known for special ops and stealth
deployments and shitting his pants when he laughs too hard.
Well, I'll be a son of a bitch.
There's no way the VC could have hypnotized you
into pretending that.
Whoa, oh, god damn, it even smells the same.
It happened again, sir, and it's still funny, sir.
Diggins, tell me anything, sir.
Lars Diggins, sir, special forces.
I've seen too much shit, sir.
I'm ready to go home.
My bad.
I didn't hear what you said.
Oh, my god.
Technically, sir, we've all been in the shit just now.
All right, well, you know what?
If they've developed some ability
to replicate your fucking personalities
and that look in your fucking eyes, Diggins,
then they deserve to win.
Let's go see the commander.
Code 310, open up the belly.
What you thought were trees now reveal themselves
to be half tree, half human marines.
Or are they just men in ghillie suits?
You don't know.
But if they are, they're like state of the fucking art.
They look like costumes from Wizard of Oz or something.
They look like trees, straight up trees,
but they've got faces and they've got ammunition
and they're bandolier straps.
You think to yourself, why would you
go to the trouble of disguising a man as a tree
and then put fucking belts and shit on him?
But then you think, hey, anything can be on a tree.
What does a birdhouse make people go, hey,
why is there a house in that tree?
It doesn't.
It's like, what about a little kid?
One of them has a kid up in his branches
who doesn't seem to even understand
that he's climbing a marine.
And they start moving.
Whereas before they moved, you didn't even notice them.
They were just like, oh, of course there's two trees
on this beach adjacent 1970s marine base
and a tropical Vietnam coast base.
They go over to these rocks and they touch the rocks
and these panels open on them and they're doing something.
They nod at each other and they press something
at the same time.
And this big, giant door starts opening
and there's like a klaxon sounding.
And it's like, there's this big door opens up
and there's a staircase going down
and Dandy Pants starts heading down.
And the helicopter starts taking off.
Murdoch goes like, hey, keep your cocks in your socks.
And he takes off.
You too.
Dandy Pants looks back at you and goes, gentlemen,
we don't keep Lady Liberty's mouth open
in this fucking cocks storm.
She's open wide for you.
You're going to go down her throat or what?
Come on.
Let's go.
I think I find that offensive.
Well, it definitely.
It's very offensive, actually, yeah.
You go numb for that stuff, but it's definitely
an unapologetically homophobic culture.
People are just constantly calling each other fag
and gay and implying that they're weak and all this stuff.
And it's like, it drives you fucking nuts,
but it is what it is.
And I was raised by women.
Yeah, well, your other half was.
In your Diggins half, you were just
raised by a mom, pa, kind of like,
it was just a regular kind of, like Norman Rockwell
kind of upbringing.
If it weren't for your gayness, it
would have been a privileged life.
But your honesty, your compulsion
to be who you really are and not put up
with torture of like having to conform,
like whereas no one else does, it made you go,
like, I'm not going to do this.
And my mom and dad say they love me no matter what.
Your mom told you once.
She said, son, do you know what love is when you were like 11?
And you were just having weird feelings.
Like you didn't know what if they were normal.
You didn't know who to talk to about it.
But your mom said to you once, son,
I want you to know what the definition of love is,
like unconditional love.
It means if you ever killed somebody,
I would help you bury the body.
It wouldn't matter to me if I thought you were right or wrong.
I don't care if you turn out to be a serial killer.
I would still try to keep you alive as long as possible.
I would take a bullet for you.
You're my son, and I love you.
And then when you came out to her,
she acted like you were a fucking monster.
And it broke your heart.
It was terrible.
Like she obviously was either lying about the death thing
or she really hates gay people.
But in any case, it was just like you just fucking,
of course, you ran away.
You had to.
It wasn't even out of spite for them.
It was out of pain.
You had to start a new life on your own.
As a child, you were just a kid.
And so now, but so you.
What if she just really wanted to be an accessory to murder?
That's one of the questions you ask yourself.
It's like, maybe my mom just wanted to really
hoped I would be a serial killer.
Maybe she was more just disappointed.
It really fucks with you.
But you're in the army, but you're not out.
You're not openly gay.
It's literally against the rules.
They would kick you out of the army
if you said that you were gay or if you like, yeah.
I think you've gotten way accustomed to keeping things
way at a distance.
You don't even flirt around with your closest friends
like knowing there's something that you have that.
But you do think, after all the shit you've
been through with these guys, one thing
that you refuse to do is when they talk about pussy and stuff,
like, oh, OK, get back to stateside
so I can take a labia and put it on my mouth
and go, dah, dah, dah, dah.
Like, you draw the line.
You're not going to lie.
You're not going to live a dishonest life.
So you're just kind of like nod and stuff.
But these guys, they were never like, what are you a faggot?
How come you don't talk about pussy with us?
They're just like, I think, but you wonder sometimes
if maybe they think like, oh, and it's like,
there's a part of you that thinks if that's the case,
if they know, and the fact that they're not
bothering to ask you about it, corner you about it,
in this fucked up, sick world, that's
like the love that your mom was trying to express to you
and her hypothetical thing is other men that
are agreeing to protect you unconditionally by going,
like, I'm never going to ask.
And it's like, it's a really fucked up thing.
So yes, it triggers you every time.
Like, oh, come on, get down this cock holster.
Lady Liberty doesn't suck cock.
Like a gay man.
She can't keep this mouth open or the Vietnamese
are going to shove their fucking dong down her throat
like she's a gay dude from San Francisco.
Come on, you pinco-faggots, get down there.
And you're like, you're used to it.
You're numb.
But it's like, one of these days, man, one of these days.
So yeah.
Yeah, you are offended.
You are offended by it.
Am I offended by it?
Well, I'll tell you, you know that he's gay.
And you're not exactly on the Kinsey scale, like fucking
so far to the straight side that you find that idea offensive.
Like, you're afraid to ask him about it because you're, you know.
It's safer this way.
You had some crazy experiences growing up
in your Midwestern hometown that's like in the fog that
gets created by abuse and experimentation in a society
that doesn't have conversations about it.
Like, you're not even sure at this point what happened
and what didn't happen.
And that was before half of your identity
was a robot from a magic land.
Like, you kind of feel like maybe you
rubbed the head of your dick on your best friend's dick
at summer camp.
And that you two were into it.
But it was also like, you were so great to have a dick.
Yeah, I was easy to please.
Yeah, and you've talked to people that were like,
oh, yeah, I did that too.
And I'm straight as an arrow or whatever.
And it's like fucking like, you don't know.
But one thing's for sure, as a very thoughtful demolitions
and stealth expert, you're no stranger to self-examination.
And you really admire Diggins because it's like, god damn,
if what's the case with him is what I'm thinking,
this fucking guy must have it really hard.
Like, there's a really strong bond between you guys.
And you've actually curtailed some of your pussy-eaten talk.
Duke, you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do
you do you you do you hurt of homosexuality but you do you
yes sir yeah yeah yeah.
Familiar with a concept sir.
No, oh, sorry.
I'm not, I'm not your captain right now.
This isn't the debrief.
Oh, oh sorry, sir.
Duke of homosexuality.
Yeah, so yes sir.
We've got a special mission for you boy.
You're going behind enemy lines. Are you familiar with the rising trend of disco music?
Yes, I am.
The good news is I'm sending you back stateside. The bad news is you're a village person.
No, no, no. That's a different campaign.
Can I be the Native American, sir?
No, I was just going to let you know because I fleshed that out for these guys that just in case you're wondering.
Duke, the Vietnam soldier, you just so you know, you don't know any of that stuff that I was just talking about.
You're oblivious. You think that Lars Diggins is, you think he's boyish.
Like, you know, like he's a boy scout. That's why he doesn't like to talk about like clits and stuff.
Yes, he seems very innocent.
Yeah, like you think you're just you're very confident in your masculinity and like you.
Am I, sir?
I love the idea of this platoon in Vietnam.
It's still it's still all officially homophobic, but it's like all like intimate.
Duke, you're familiar with it.
Listen, my sense of masculinity is a moving target, sir.
The goalpost keeps moving.
All right, so anyways, so you guys go down these stairs, they're they're familiar to you.
Yeah, sir, are we back on Project Omega?
Yeah, yeah, you're going you're going down these stairs.
Project Omega is not, I mean, that's not what this is, but those those like those like Hanger Bay doors closed behind you.
And just just before it would get pitch black, these like fluorescent lights like click on in the stairwell, the stairwell goes down, down, down, really far down.
Like, wow, what a lot of stairs like you can't you can't you can't help but imagine like, wait, when we get deployed, do we have to go up all these stairs?
Table talk sidebar. Do we still have our like magical weapons from from the previous thing?
Are we you do you guys have all this equipment? He's still a robot.
Yeah, what is my yeah, you're you're still an orc. You're like touching your lips and there's like tusks coming out of your lips.
Okay, like, like it's you if you can cast spells like I don't know what to tell you.
You know that it's you know that it's like somehow not normal.
Okay, I got you. And so does obviously your superior officer.
But I will say that mentally captain dandy pants.
Yes, captain dandy pants.
I will say that just did not mentally you you to I guess this is maybe a little meta.
Maybe I shouldn't be telling you this shit.
I'm also kind of thinking out loud.
But you guys are your your your American soldier memories are are like very quickly your bodies aren't changing,
but your minds are are getting more and more like you're forgetting your life in this other missed this realm,
like where you had your regular biographies.
Like, for instance, you, you know, they you were abducted as a as a child.
And when you were still human and taken to a weird cave where a dragon that commanded a bunch of golems that were like emancipated,
like they're like iron iron golems that had like freed themselves from their creators like so low and they belong to some.
Yeah, like so probably like so low. I haven't seen it.
But they yeah, they did like fucked up shit Wolverine style.
Obviously, it was kind of like, you know, like they turned you into a robot.
Not bad.
That's why that's why you're it's not technically your race that robot thing.
That's why that's why we thought you were human for a little bit on the jeans until you took your inspector gadget finger off.
It's helpful that way.
Yeah.
All right. Well, why are we forgetting our other memories?
Do you guys know that we also have alternate memories related to our fantasy backstories?
Yes.
Do you have a spell that makes us remember those better?
I seem to remember when I cast spells, I cast light.
Not that.
What the fuck? Jesus, goddamn Mary and Joseph.
This guy's got magic. We should find out what magic he can cast and it's mission critical.
You're goddamn right. It's mission critical. I don't know what the fuck happened to all you guys.
We have alternate backstories.
What's wrong with your voice? You sound like a goddamn robot.
You're telling me, Sarge.
All right. Open up in there.
It's a weirdly primitive system for all of us to do.
He yells open up in there and a kind of submarine style door opens and you guys go into.
Well, it's kind of like a bomb shelter.
It's just concrete halls painted like a drab green and there's like a guard there with a gun and he sees you guys.
He starts freaking out.
Get ahold of yourself fucking semen.
What the fuck? I didn't transfer from the Navy for this.
God damn it. You know that all branches of our armed forces have to have equal claim on this unique division.
And that we, the Navy people have to guard this door.
I told you you're going to see fucked up shit. Why are you acting like that?
Oh mama. Oh mama. Oh mama.
You're fired. Get out of here. Report to the firing office.
Oh, what do I tell him? Tell him the truth. Tell him you don't belong here.
Tell him you can't work here because you freaked out when you saw these guys come home.
Okay. All right. Okay. Am I in trouble?
Jesus. I mean, it shouldn't be a good thing for you.
Okay. Can I have one more chance?
What kind of fucking military commander would I be if I gave people second chances after they scream mama when they see robot people come through the door?
Yeah, but I just, I'm just fucking.
All right. Fuck you. Just this once. Just this once. You little faggot. You little gay faggot.
You fucking homosexual faggot.
I make eye contact with Diggins.
He gives you a look like, like, like, like, I get it. Like, don't fucking like, like, maybe even more subtle than that.
Yeah, it's more subtle than that. Like, it's again, like, you don't know.
Yeah, I cast call the motions.
You cast a call on professor. I can't get the dandy pants.
Both are on the kid that's like freaking out. Yeah.
Oh, okay. You cast the calm emotions on him. It's amazing. You keep rolling 19s every time you cast the spell.
You just like do a fucking like return of the Jedi fucking gesture that nobody even knows and like the kids just like he just snaps to it and goes like,
Sir, I we work in extraordinary circumstances. I think it's good for me to continue to have strange reactions to them.
I apologize. I acknowledge my offense. I commit to change and and his chest is just like he just like takes out his thing of the like the dandy pants.
It's like, well, all right, then, God damn fucking navy fruits.
So used to water because it's like pussy fucking wet pussies fucking men fucking women, you know, that's the stuff I like to happen.
All right. And then he knocks on a door.
So the door opens and it's just this big like office.
It's like filing cabinets and fans, oscillating fans and guys in white short sleeve shirts with ties.
They got sweat stains around their armpits. It's really smoky.
There's like bad ventilation with everyone smokes totally accepted normal thing to just smoke indoors.
And this is a lot of astray is a lot of cigarettes.
Duke, it makes you want to smoke a cigarette. You're a smoker.
I I pull out a cigarette.
Well, you don't have you don't have any cigarettes on you because I pull out a cigarette out of somebody else's mouth.
The kind of guy horn rim glasses and white like you pull the cigarette out of his mouth and he's like, hey, don't mess with the orc.
And I stick just one orc tooth out of my lip.
He looks at dandy pants and dandy pants gives him this look.
It's just like, you know, just fucking roll with it.
You bookworm.
And another door opens on the other side of this like vast like kind of office pool is like on the other side of it.
There's this wooden door and and the door opens and this this like general comes out.
He's a full general. He's a he's a general general.
We salute.
Okay.
And give deference and four stars.
Everybody does except the. Yeah.
I skipped four and four and a half stars four and a half stars. Nice.
And one of the stars has like a tilde over it.
Like it's like a special star for something like he's maybe he's bilingual or something.
I don't know.
But everybody yeah all the military people like the guards and stuff by the water cooler they all snap to attention and salute.
So does you guys feel compelled like through your training you like salute the white shirted guys like they they they they they're scared of this guy.
They're civilians apparently because they don't salute.
He steps out he looks at dandy pants.
He gives him a nod dandy pants about faces and leaves through the door that he came he's gone now.
And the general goes he looks up and down and looks at you guys and goes so it's true.
I'll be a hot fucking butt in a Mississippi nut.
All right boys.
Don't tie in this monkey's fist and he he'd head nods you in his direction.
Okay.
I go in that direction.
Okay sir.
You walk you walk through the office like your your rogue like instincts also your stealth special forces training you're kind of like looking around you see on pieces of paper or on these desks like this is it looks like a normal office but the materials on the on the desks like
are like have like really weird like kind of like runes and shit on them.
It's like it's like you just get the impression that these guys are in the business of studying like weird shit but they're but that they're technically normal people studying it.
So you get you get to that that end of the office area you go into this dark room and there's a there's a it's just like a big vast empty like onyx chamber.
Hell yeah.
Yeah it's really easy to describe and it's not a lot of detail to it.
What's cool is tired how do you do this.
It's just like a like a video game.
It was like so many triangles and pixels that you can render before you're just like God damn it.
Don't make it round.
Make it a box.
But yeah it's a big black room and there's it's like like there's like a couple chairs in the corners but at the far end of it.
In front of a big screen is this like big desk and it's there's no one behind that desk.
There's a name plate on the desk that says general hodge hodge and but there's a there's a standing slightly to the side of that desk is a man in a three piece suit with shock white hair pure ivory hair.
Damn.
It's more hair than you've ever seen and big white eyebrows.
I guess it's Matthew Maudine in Stranger Things.
But he also has a little goatee.
It's Oh it's Colonel Sanders.
Oh yeah.
But in a black suit Colonel Sanders in a black suit with horn rim glasses and he's not smoking so it doesn't bump with the smoking man in X files.
It's kind of like Colonel Sanders in a black suit with glasses.
Colonel Sanders has glasses.
He takes his glasses off his his piercing green eyes and you can't you can't see them closely yet.
But boy if you ever look at his eyes closely there's like this crazy thing I'll describe.
But he he says step forward into the light gentlemen.
I go we we ran into mine flares.
You know about mine flares.
I know about things that you've only just begun to understand.
Well then learn that mine flares.
It's crazy huh.
That's bad news.
What's happening.
Thank you for that information soldier.
Step forward into the light.
Oh I do that then.
Let's get a look at this.
Project Omega in all its glory.
It seems you whippersnappers just found yourselves on the front lines of America's next brand of war.
What is that.
I cast I cast finished thought.
You do an amazing job but you're an orc fighter so you're just kind of like you just grunt at him.
I'm suspicious of Colonel Sanders so from the darkness I'm going to cast detect magic him in the general actually.
Oh you cast detect magic.
Okay interesting.
So Colonel Sanders not magic like you're sweeping around the room.
Are you trying to disguise that or are you doing it sneakily.
Are you is it your it's your objective to not be known so you're okay taking a penalty for that reason.
Sure.
Okay so anyways you're fine.
But yeah so you the Colonel Sanders is not he's not magic and the general general hodge hodge is not magic.
Nothing in this room is magic except for a flower pot by one of the chairs in the corner.
There's a strange plant growing out of it and that screen behind the desk.
It's like like it's it's it's that's that's magical and then there's a there's a plant that's magical.
So that's glad you did that.
Well I was really hoping you did that when I designed this room.
Oh damn.
I elbow Tom Tom and I say hey there's something up with that plan that screen.
Yeah.
I'll distract Colonel Sanders.
To the plant.
Okay.
Yeah.
I feel like the rogue should sneak over there though.
I'm gonna do it.
Okay.
Yeah.
So I just start engaging Colonel Sanders in conversation while well trace but trace but was it nuke.
You're you're.
Yeah.
Oh you're you're.
Digging.
No no you're digging.
I'm digging.
You're digging.
What are you just what are you doing you're you're.
I'm just going to distract Colonel Sanders while while the rogue goes over there and checks out the.
How are you distracting them.
I I I I drop a knife out of my butt.
You had you had put the knife back in your butt.
Yes.
Using your kind of work instincts.
Like just at some point.
Yeah.
Okay.
You you you you summon otherworldly anal reflexes to eject the the dagger from your ass onto
the onyx floor of the strange room.
It it definitely does a great job of distracting Colonel Sanders.
He's like well I'll be a Alabama side sloper.
Side sloper.
He he he waves at the the general like he's a snap stand on the general like it's like
rustling of the thing and it's like he pulls out like a strange kind of like bag that looks
like it's made out of like chamois material like like when you'd be like chamois your
car.
Yeah.
And but it's like but it's like a forensic bag but it's like leather and he he he he
takes it over and he's got like a weird like forceps that he had in his other pocket and
he's like he holds up the the butt dagger and he was like do you remember that being
inserted in your anal cavity soldier.
I have no memory of that sir I just know that it's been there since time immemorial.
What do you recall about your childhood soldier.
And I glaze over and realize I have no memories at all of my childhood.
Okay so during this distraction yeah so you wanted this was a distraction yeah what did
you what did you want to do during that distraction you're going to go like to the plant you're
going to go over to it physically sure I'll look at the plant.
Okay you're walking casually over to the plant and they are very distracted this thing and
so you walk over to the plant.
The plant it looks like a like a like a kind of like a giant version of a bamboo shoot
you know like when bamboo is first growing it's just like this little like little pointy
thing with like little things I don't know what a bamboo shoot looks like but it's a
giant version of that coming out of a medium sized pot and it's like a very rich green
with like a beautiful kind of like a tropical orange to yellow like accents on the edges
of the leaves and it's just it's just a vibrant plant.
I reach out.
It's growing in sand like white sand say what and I touch it.
You touch it okay okay when you when you touch it you feel like like incredibly rejuvenated
like like like not not in terms of health like any wounds that you sustained or any
fatigue in your muscles but you just feel like you feel like you could you could you
you could like take on the world like you just feel incredibly confident like it's like
a crazy otherworldly morale that you've taken on like you just feel fucking like messed
out or how big is this plant it's like the growth is three feet tall coming out of a
11 inch pot standard terracotta it's about 13 inches in diameter.
Can I like hide it behind my back?
You're hiding the plant behind your back okay but you're just standing in front of the plant
like you walked over there you looked at it now you're gonna touch it now you're so okay
yeah so they're they're looking at the daggers so they're back to this because that's happening
during all of that so now back up to this point where you're saying yeah I have no memory
of my childhood which childhood exactly which child are we talking about my orc childhood
or the fake childhood that you planted in my memory project omega your project omega wait
I reach over and I pull off the the goatee I tug at the goatee I tug at your goatee
what the fuck you remind me of a certain judge that I remember oh shit and I see the green
eyes of judge doom you can't say you can't you can't do that what you get you use your
eye statements okay are you judge doom judge doom yeah he looks at general hodge hodge
and hodge hodge goes like the reports say that the the vc baddie that was one of his
one of his right hands judge doom uh sounds like you tangled with some bad boys I don't
know what you're thinking right now young man but I give everybody two goatee tugs
that's one go ahead I I use my second goatee tuck you know I don't know why I do it why
I give everybody two I don't give them a third is my point I hope you got all the goatee tugging
out of your system I turned to general hodge hodge and I look at him does he have does he
have any facial hair general hodge hodge has a pencil mustache but he's currently looking
over at uh diggins and I see you're availing yourself of one of our perks why feel good
good what is it sir that's uncle sam's finest vitamin what is that the valer allo hell yeah
that's cool as hell oh it gets a lot cooler than that gentlemen it also gets a lot worse
and now that you've proven to be worthy test subjects it's going to get worse and worse
and worse and better and better and better you're gonna do so much for us we should probably tell
him exactly what's been going on at this point using our magic screen hit it the screen lights
up with imagery that elucidate the topic as they explain to you guys that um don't fail me now
that the uh the the the the the the the the soviet union when it uh when it dug into
vietnam and korea it started realizing long before the americans knew it that uh that a cold war
was a losing one for the soviet union that capitalism was probably gonna work because
i mean you know we all know that now look how happy we are um it uh but they knew that they were
you know it wasn't gonna work in a in a square on fight so they started digging down into the earth
in the places like cuba and north korea and and the like and they unearthed a subterranean cavern
when they dug down into north korea and found a dragon egg and they heated it up with an electric
blanket and and they they put it in an incubator and they studied it and it started to crack and
hatch and when it did something crazy started happening that uh seddie the search for extraterrestrial
intelligence started reporting to them which was then a secret project no one knew that it was
actually started all the way back then uh and um that they were started to report like weird like
their equipment that they used to scan for intelligence in outer space was actually picking
up this weird signal that they first mistook for like is there an alien presence like two feet
outside of earth's uh atmosphere that we can't see but then over time they started realizing
that there was this throbbing presence this signal that was previously unknown to mankind
that was emanating from the earth itself that something was happening so over time what they
realized is there was some kind of like awakening of magic energy that was happening uh at the point
where this uh this dragon egg started hatching so they they stopped incubating the egg uh and took
it to a secure facility uh more on that in the third adventure uh that we'll do uh new years um
but uh then they they found out that uh that so there's that you know um uh that magic is real
and uh and they found like uh and the and the and the and the and the russians were oh there it is
okay yeah they found out magic is real and uh and um and then uh so they started you they had already
been doing like these programs like uh in the american military that where they're doing like
remote viewing and and mk ultra and stuff like that experimenting with lsd and brainwashing and
all this stuff um so spies american spies with that that had access to the information of what
the soviets had uncovered uh um they uh they used it to liberate some of this uh uh uh information
and used it to dig down in uh uh los alamos uh uh because and find a dragon egg of their own um
and uh it it they did not incubate it um but they uh they started chiseling into it and when they did
that um the person that was chiseling it uh got struck with a bolt in his eyeballs and he flew
back and his hair turned white and he became this colonel sanders guy um so so that that's this guy
he was like uh he's like a head scientist from mit that they entrusted with this project and
his name is colonel's what we gave him a name before i can't remember um let's call him colonel
sanders and uh he so he like and he he gained all this knowledge when he tried to like chisel into
this dragon egg and from his knowledge he started like dictating to uh like uh uh think tanks and
stuff and they started writing up all of these like uh tomes and things like uh and storing them
in transistorized devices and analyzing them and america so since like the 1959
has had this secret operation going where they've been like uh trying to like uh it's a magical
arms race that's been going on between the soviets and and and america uh uh all this time um uh
it's it's it was largely like not generating any results but they um had been like training people
to try to use this stuff like like they're you know like oh like like what if you uh read this
stuff can you try can you cast spells can you do stuff and it wasn't really working that well
but it was getting enough results that it's got massive funding and god forbid the russians actually
accomplish something before we do so that's just been going on underground which is why the defense
budgets are so enormous it's like how could a nuclear missile cost that much it's crazy it just
takes some nuclear shit and put it in a fucking uh bullet and throw it like like it's it's it's a huge
invention the idea that it takes a lot of money to make a nuclear missile all that money goes into
also schools it doesn't cost that much to teach children so all of that money uh has been secretly
funneled into uh into these programs and uh uh so when you guys joined the military uh you you
you went through basic training but then like through certain tests and things they detected
kind of aptitude uh on your parts and then they started like funneling you over into these programs
um uh where you were getting uh trained for this other stuff and the the reason that we actually
went to vietnam isn't because we were trying to protect the you know the world from communism
in the sense of like vietnam being strategic it's because they there's a site in in in vietnam where
the soviets had found this like weird like stonehenge like structure but underground in this
like cavern and uh it was like this like it it it it it made more magic uh and so they sent you guys
on a reconnaissance mission uh and uh and then you got captured but then they put they tried some
weird shit on you and you had this whole adventure that we don't remember uh but you were and you
were in this different world and uh and then you you woke up in that in that cell and then then
now you're now you're remembering that this was all part of some crazy mission that started in
in in vietnam and you still don't understand did you go through a portal i bet you did uh
like why like like like why were you uh on the other you know in this other world so like that's
these guys are like they've always suspected that the reason why these dragon eggs are creating this
like uh magic energy is because they're the only things from a different universe that uh uh and
and uh that that exist in ours and that there must be some way to get to that universe where magic
is normal and technology isn't and if you could get there then you could take magic energy and use
it for military purposes over here and so it seems like maybe the russians have found a way to get
to the other side and you guys must have been there and escaped i have one question for the
for the game i have one question for the game master mm-hmm whose turn is it um cliffhanger
oh we did it we made it till 10 o'clock we fucking did it everybody give it up for
greg everybody greg you brought the dice oh yeah lars diggins thank you greg spreser cretin and your
game master or no you're a game player the game master Dan Harmon zack mccaver chris church nullan
everybody here at the uh danish attack fighter i'm your comptroller jeff davis you're your game
master tonight and mayor Dan Harmon yay thank you all for coming drive fast take chances
did you get any of that it's a good show